c:\users\administrador\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Prueba_Magdalena\Prueba_Magdalena\bin\Prueba_Magdalena.dll.config
c:\users\administrador\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Prueba_Magdalena\Prueba_Magdalena\bin\Prueba_Magdalena.dll
c:\users\administrador\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Prueba_Magdalena\Prueba_Magdalena\bin\Prueba_Magdalena.pdb
c:\users\administrador\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Prueba_Magdalena\Prueba_Magdalena\bin\MagdalenaBE.dll
c:\users\administrador\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Prueba_Magdalena\Prueba_Magdalena\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\administrador\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Prueba_Magdalena\Prueba_Magdalena\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\administrador\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Prueba_Magdalena\Prueba_Magdalena\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\administrador\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Prueba_Magdalena\Prueba_Magdalena\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\administrador\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Prueba_Magdalena\Prueba_Magdalena\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\administrador\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Prueba_Magdalena\Prueba_Magdalena\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\administrador\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Prueba_Magdalena\Prueba_Magdalena\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\administrador\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Prueba_Magdalena\Prueba_Magdalena\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\administrador\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Prueba_Magdalena\Prueba_Magdalena\bin\System.Web.Webpages.dll
c:\users\administrador\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Prueba_Magdalena\Prueba_Magdalena\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.dll
c:\users\administrador\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Prueba_Magdalena\Prueba_Magdalena\bin\MagdalenaBE.pdb
c:\users\administrador\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Prueba_Magdalena\Prueba_Magdalena\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\administrador\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Prueba_Magdalena\Prueba_Magdalena\bin\System.Web.Webpages.xml
c:\users\administrador\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Prueba_Magdalena\Prueba_Magdalena\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\administrador\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Prueba_Magdalena\Prueba_Magdalena\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.xml
c:\users\administrador\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Prueba_Magdalena\Prueba_Magdalena\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\administrador\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Prueba_Magdalena\Prueba_Magdalena\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\administrador\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Prueba_Magdalena\Prueba_Magdalena\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\administrador\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Prueba_Magdalena\Prueba_Magdalena\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\administrador\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Prueba_Magdalena\Prueba_Magdalena\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\administrador\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Prueba_Magdalena\Prueba_Magdalena\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\administrador\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Prueba_Magdalena\Prueba_Magdalena\obj\Debug\ApiMagdalena.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\administrador\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Prueba_Magdalena\Prueba_Magdalena\obj\Debug\Prueba_Magdalena.dll
c:\users\administrador\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Prueba_Magdalena\Prueba_Magdalena\obj\Debug\Prueba_Magdalena.pdb
E:\CodigoFuente\Cod_SIF\Prueba_Magdalena\Prueba_Magdalena\bin\Prueba_Magdalena.dll.config
E:\CodigoFuente\Cod_SIF\Prueba_Magdalena\Prueba_Magdalena\bin\Prueba_Magdalena.dll
E:\CodigoFuente\Cod_SIF\Prueba_Magdalena\Prueba_Magdalena\bin\Prueba_Magdalena.pdb
E:\CodigoFuente\Cod_SIF\Prueba_Magdalena\Prueba_Magdalena\bin\MagdalenaBE.dll
E:\CodigoFuente\Cod_SIF\Prueba_Magdalena\Prueba_Magdalena\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
E:\CodigoFuente\Cod_SIF\Prueba_Magdalena\Prueba_Magdalena\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
E:\CodigoFuente\Cod_SIF\Prueba_Magdalena\Prueba_Magdalena\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
E:\CodigoFuente\Cod_SIF\Prueba_Magdalena\Prueba_Magdalena\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
E:\CodigoFuente\Cod_SIF\Prueba_Magdalena\Prueba_Magdalena\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
E:\CodigoFuente\Cod_SIF\Prueba_Magdalena\Prueba_Magdalena\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
E:\CodigoFuente\Cod_SIF\Prueba_Magdalena\Prueba_Magdalena\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
E:\CodigoFuente\Cod_SIF\Prueba_Magdalena\Prueba_Magdalena\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.dll
E:\CodigoFuente\Cod_SIF\Prueba_Magdalena\Prueba_Magdalena\bin\System.Web.Webpages.dll
E:\CodigoFuente\Cod_SIF\Prueba_Magdalena\Prueba_Magdalena\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.dll
E:\CodigoFuente\Cod_SIF\Prueba_Magdalena\Prueba_Magdalena\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
E:\CodigoFuente\Cod_SIF\Prueba_Magdalena\Prueba_Magdalena\bin\MagdalenaBE.pdb
E:\CodigoFuente\Cod_SIF\Prueba_Magdalena\Prueba_Magdalena\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
E:\CodigoFuente\Cod_SIF\Prueba_Magdalena\Prueba_Magdalena\bin\System.Web.Webpages.xml
E:\CodigoFuente\Cod_SIF\Prueba_Magdalena\Prueba_Magdalena\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.xml
E:\CodigoFuente\Cod_SIF\Prueba_Magdalena\Prueba_Magdalena\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.xml
E:\CodigoFuente\Cod_SIF\Prueba_Magdalena\Prueba_Magdalena\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
E:\CodigoFuente\Cod_SIF\Prueba_Magdalena\Prueba_Magdalena\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
E:\CodigoFuente\Cod_SIF\Prueba_Magdalena\Prueba_Magdalena\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
E:\CodigoFuente\Cod_SIF\Prueba_Magdalena\Prueba_Magdalena\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
E:\CodigoFuente\Cod_SIF\Prueba_Magdalena\Prueba_Magdalena\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
E:\CodigoFuente\Cod_SIF\Prueba_Magdalena\Prueba_Magdalena\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
E:\CodigoFuente\Cod_SIF\Prueba_Magdalena\Prueba_Magdalena\obj\Debug\ApiMagdalena.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
E:\CodigoFuente\Cod_SIF\Prueba_Magdalena\Prueba_Magdalena\obj\Debug\Prueba_Magdalena.dll
E:\CodigoFuente\Cod_SIF\Prueba_Magdalena\Prueba_Magdalena\obj\Debug\Prueba_Magdalena.pdb
E:\CodigoFuente\Cod_SIF\Prueba_Magdalena\Prueba_Magdalena\bin\System.Net.Http.Json.dll
E:\CodigoFuente\Cod_SIF\Prueba_Magdalena\Prueba_Magdalena\bin\System.Net.Http.Json.xml
